First batch of adding descriptions to the documentation (#14825)
netdata/netdata: docs/cloud/spaces.md

# Netdata Cloud Spaces

> Organize your infrastructure monitoring on Netdata Cloud by creating Spaces, then grouping your Agent-monitored nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organize your multi-organization infrastructure monitoring on Netdata Cloud by creating Spaces to completely isolate access to your Agent-monitored nodes.
```
